Docs 6867 visualizer visualization doc move (#59)
mulesoft/docs-visualizer: modules/ROOT/pages/troubleshooting-visualization.adoc

|===
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metric_prefix[Here is a quick review of metric prefixes].

== View Metrics for One Service in Your Network

When you select a node within the graph, the node and its dependency stack are highlighted and all unconnected nodes are unavailable.
Anypoint Visualizer displays information about the node in a card. This card is divided into the following tabs:

The *Details* tab contains the *Details* section, which provides information about the node.

The *Monitoring* tab contains:

Metrics summary::
Provides monitoring metrics for the selected node, including average response time, average throughput, failure rate, average CPU utilization, and average memory utilization. This shows either inbound or outbound values for average response time, average throughput, and failure rate, depending on what you’ve selected in the *Metric* card.

Metrics chart:: Shows the time-series chart of the selected metric in the *Metric* card.

Within the *Monitoring* tab, you can also select *View logs* or *View dashboard* to navigate to the associated logs or dashboard in Anypoint Monitoring.

== View Metrics for a Connection in Your Network

> If the selected metric is compatible, the canvas also displays metrics on the connections. When you select a connection within the graph, Anypoint Visualizer displays the edge’s metrics details in a card.

Author: ```suggestion
If the selected metric is compatible, the canvas also displays metrics on the connections, or _edges_. When you select a connection within the graph, Anypoint Visualizer displays the edge’s metrics details in a card.
```

== View Metrics for a Connection in Your Network

If the selected metric is compatible, the canvas also displays metrics on the connections. When you select a connection within the graph, Anypoint Visualizer displays the edge’s metrics details in a card.
For more information about which connections support this feature, see xref:connection-metrics-compatibility.adoc[Supported Connection-Level Metrics].

[NOTE]
Edges displayed between services are active, meaning that there has been traffic in the past seven days. Nonactive edges do not appear on the canvas.

== Filtering your View

When you select a node, you can click *Select dependents and dependencies*, which selects all nodes related to the service you selected.
If a single node is selected and does not have any dependents or dependencies, this option is hidden.

You can hide nodes through what you select in the canvas.

* To hide a single node, select it, and then click *Hide selected service*.
* To hide multiple nodes, multiselect them, and then click *Hide selected services*.

> * To hide all of the services other than the selected nodes, you can click *Hide other services*. If you want to hide everything that is not related to a given dependency stack, select a node and then click *Select dependents and dependencies*, which selects all nodes related to the service which you selected. Then, click *Hide other services*.

Author: ```suggestion
* To hide all of the services other than the selected nodes, you can click *Hide other services*. 
If you want to hide everything that is not related to a given dependency stack, select a node and then click *Select dependents and dependencies*, which selects all nodes related to the service which you selected. Then, click *Hide other services*.
```

> * To hide all of the services other than the selected nodes, you can click *Hide other services*. If you want to hide everything that is not related to a given dependency stack, select a node and then click *Select dependents and dependencies*, which selects all nodes related to the service which you selected. Then, click *Hide other services*.

Author: ```suggestion
* To hide all of the services other than the selected nodes, you can click *Hide other services*. 
If you want to hide everything that is not related to a given dependency stack, select a node and then click *Select dependents and dependencies*, which selects all nodes related to the service which you selected. Then, click *Hide other services*.
```

You can search for a node (service) in the *Search services* text field. Services containing your search in any part of their name are highlighted, while others fade.

[[export-view]]
== Export Your Network View

> You can export the view of your network showing on your canvas to a PNG file.

Author: ```suggestion
You can export the view of your network showing on your canvas to a PNG file by clicking the *Export as Image* button next to the zoom controls in the bottom right.
```

* If you customized your view with filters, the customized network topology is exported.
* If you selected metrics or durations, these settings are reflected in the export.

> To export a view of your network as a PNG, click the *Export as Image* button next to the zoom controls in the bottom right.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> = Troubleshooting Visualization

Reviewer: HERE

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
3

== About the Troubleshooting Visualization

> The Troubleshooting Visualization shows you the current and past health of your Mule apps and APIs. It allows you to quickly visualize where your network is slow, receiving heavy traffic or failing. From this visualization, you can drill down directly into Anypoint Monitoring dashboards or logs to continue to troubleshoot the performance of your systems.

Reviewer 2: Let's get rid of "and APIs" in the first sentence.

Author: ```suggestion
The Troubleshooting Visualization shows you the current and past health of your Mule apps. It allows you to quickly visualize where your network is slow, receiving heavy traffic or failing. From this visualization, you can drill down directly into Anypoint Monitoring dashboards or logs to continue to troubleshoot the performance of your systems.
```

Metrics summary::
Provides monitoring metrics for the selected node, including average response time, average throughput, failure rate, average CPU utilization, and average memory utilization. This shows either inbound or outbound values for average response time, average throughput, and failure rate, depending on what you’ve selected in the *Metric* card.

Metrics chart:: Shows the time-series chart of the selected metric in the *Metric* card.

Within the *Monitoring* tab, you can also select *View logs* or *View dashboard* to navigate to the associated logs or dashboard in Anypoint Monitoring.

== View Metrics for a Connection in Your Network

If the selected metric is compatible, the canvas also displays metrics on the connections. When you select a connection within the graph, Anypoint Visualizer displays the edge’s metrics details in a card.
For more information about which connections support this feature, see xref:connection-metrics-compatibility.adoc[Supported Connection-Level Metrics].

[NOTE]
Edges displayed between services are active, meaning that they appear only if there has been traffic in the past seven days. Nonactive edges do not appear on the canvas.

> == Filtering your View

Reviewer 2: This did not appear as a heading in the docs

Reviewer 2: It showed up in the note

Author: ```suggestion

== Filtering your View
```

= Troubleshooting Visualization
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
3

== About the Troubleshooting Visualization

> The Troubleshooting Visualization shows you the current and past health of your Mule apps. It allows you to quickly visualize where your network is slow, receiving heavy traffic or failing. From this visualization, you can drill down directly into Anypoint Monitoring dashboards or logs to continue to troubleshoot the performance of your systems.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY replace "allows you" with "enables you" in all writing.
```suggestion
The Troubleshooting Visualization shows you the current and past health of your Mule apps. It enables you to quickly visualize where your network is slow, receiving heavy traffic, or failing. From this visualization, you can drill down directly into Anypoint Monitoring dashboards or logs to continue to troubleshoot the performance of your systems.
```

Reviewer: GLOBALLY evaluate the texts that follow your Level-1 titles to ensure that they create a user expectation for the Level-2 topics...even naming them.

> == Choosing your Metric

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Choosing Your Metric
```

> Use the options in the *Metric* card to select the metric that you want to show for all the nodes in your application network. For applicable metrics, the metric value will also appear on the connection, or _edge_.

Reviewer: Wordy? How about:
```suggestion
Select options in the *Metric* card to show metrics for all the nodes in your application network. For applicable metrics, these values also appear on the connection, or _edge_.
```

Reviewer: Does the user need to know about these being on the connection/edge at this point in the doc?

> In the *Metrics* section, you can select one of the following metrics:

Reviewer: In the Metrics section of what, the card?

Reviewer: Only one?

* *Avg response time*
* *Avg throughput*
* *Failure rate*
* *Avg CPU utilization*
* *Avg memory utilization*

For the selected time range, _failure rate_ is equal to the total number of failures divided by the total number of requests.

For average response time, average throughput, and failure rate, you can select *Inbound* or *Outbound* metrics.
If you select inbound, the value that appears on the application is the weighted average of that particular metric for all inbound connections to that node.
If you select outbound, the value is the weighted average of that metric for all outbound connections.

> In the *Time Range* section, you can select the time window used to calculate the average values of the selected metric.

Reviewer: I think this might be out of logical order.
We need to set the time range first, right, and then select the metric to show.
And should the text following the list of metrics instead follow each metric list item?
For example, we describe failure rate before the two metrics shown above it.
And we mention a selected time range before describing the time range section.

Reviewer 2: With regards to comment 1, this order follows the order in the UI:
1) Metric choice
2) Inbound or Outbound
3) Time range

Reviewer: Oh! OK. Sara, consider saying something, when you first mention the time range, about it being selected later in the process.

> === Metrics Notation

Reviewer: This is a solitary subtopic to choosing a metric? 
Could it be added to the end instead?

Author: It previously was, but it got lost in the fluff.

> To avoid long numbers, Anypoint Visualizer uses unit prefixes to simplify your view. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid long numbers, Anypoint Visualizer uses unit prefixes to simplify your view:
```
However, I don't understand what is shown. Is this three abbreviations for the same value?
Also...do we really have to tell users about this in the context of choosing metrics?

|===
| Avg throughput | 66.7m TPM | 66.7 milli transactions per minute | 0.0667 TPM
|===
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metric_prefix[Here is a quick review of metric prefixes].

> == View Metrics for One Service in your Network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== View Metrics for One Service in Your Network
```

When you select a node within the graph, the node and its dependency stack are highlighted and all unconnected nodes are unavailable.
Anypoint Visualizer displays information about the node in a card. This card is divided into the following tabs:

The *Details* tab contains the *Details* section, which provides information about the node.

The *Monitoring* tab contains:

Metrics summary::

> Provides monitoring metrics for the selected node, including average response time, average throughput, failure rate, average CPU utilization, and average memory utilization. This shows either inbound or outbound values for average response time, average throughput, and failure rate, depending on what you’ve selected in the *Metric* card.

Reviewer: If we have this info here, do we need it in the container topic?

Metrics chart:: Shows the time-series chart of the selected metric in the *Metric* card.

Within the *Monitoring* tab, you can also select *View logs* or *View dashboard* to navigate to the associated logs or dashboard in Anypoint Monitoring.

== View Metrics for a Connection in Your Network

If the selected metric is compatible, the canvas also displays metrics on the connections. When you select a connection within the graph, Anypoint Visualizer displays the edge’s metrics details in a card.

> For more information about which connections support this feature, see xref:connection-metrics-compatibility.adoc[Supported Connection-Level Metrics].

Reviewer: ditto: this was described earlier, and I am still curious about connection vs. edge. Previous text made the two terms sound like synonyms.

Reviewer 2: connection = edge

Reviewer: OK. Sara, consider introducing both terms as synonyms, but then sticking with just one of them, to assist our international audiences in particular.

[NOTE]

> Edges displayed between services are active, meaning that they appear only if there has been traffic in the past seven days. Nonactive edges do not appear on the canvas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edges displayed between services are active, meaning that there has been traffic in the past seven days. Nonactive edges do not appear on the canvas.
```

== Filtering your View

When you select a node, you can click *Select dependents and dependencies*, which selects all nodes related to the service you selected.
If a single node is selected and does not have any dependents or dependencies, this option is hidden.

You can hide nodes through what you select in the canvas.

* To hide a single node, select it, and then click *Hide selected service*.
* To hide multiple nodes, multiselect them, and then click *Hide selected services*.
* To hide all of the services other than the selected nodes, you can click *Hide other services*. If you want to hide everything that is not related to a given dependency stack, select a node and then click *Select dependents and dependencies*, which selects all nodes related to the service which you selected. Then, click *Hide other services*.

> You can search for a node (service) in the *Search services* text field. Services containing your search in any part of their name are highlighted, while others fade.

Reviewer: DITTO prev edits to same text in prev two files

[[export-view]]
== Export Your Network View

You can export the view of your network showing on your canvas to a PNG file.

* If you customized your view with filters, the customized network topology is exported.
* If you selected metrics or durations, these settings are reflected in the export.

> To export a view of your network as a PNG, click the *Export as Image* button next to the zoom controls in the bottom right.

Reviewer: ditto
